---
layout: default
---

<h2>About</h2>

Change is a cross-campus collaboration bringing together faculty and
students from the University of Washington with the wider community to
collaborate on and explore the challenges of developing technology in
the context of positive social change. The change organization seeks
to make connections between researchers, outside organizations, and
the public to inspire the development of new capabilities aligned with
the interests of those most in need.

<h2>University Partners</h2>
<h3>The Information School</h3>

The <a href="http://tascha.uw.edu/">Technology & Social Change Group
(TASCHA)</a> at the University of Washington Information School
explores the design, use, and effects of information and communication
technologies in communities facing social and economic
challenges. With experience in over 50 countries, TASCHA brings
together a multidisciplinary network of researchers, practitioners,
and policy experts to advance knowledge, create public resources, and
improve policy and program design.

<h3>The Department of Global Health</h3>

<a href="http://depts.washington.edu/gwach/">Global WACh</a>: Our
mission is to make scientific discoveries, cultivate leaders, and
bridge disciplines to advance the tightly connected health and
well-being of women, adolescents, and children.

The <a href="https://www.go2itech.org/">International Training and
Education Center for Health (I-TECH)</a> is a global network that
works with local partners to develop skilled health care workers and
strong national health systems in resource-limited countries. I-TECH
promotes local ownership to sustain effective health systems.

<h3>The Paul G. Allen School for Computer Science and Engineering</h3>

The <a href="http://ictd.cs.washington.edu/">Information and
Communication Technology for Development (ICTD) Lab</a> is an
inter-disciplinary group that explores how technology can improve the
lives of underserved populations in low-income regions.

<h2>Mailing List Archive</h2>

View on <a href="https://www.mail-archive.com/change@change.washington.edu/">mail-archive.com</a>

<h2>Logo Download</h2>

Download here for promoting or crediting change.


